README.md, before:

# Klabot  ![alt text](https://i.imgur.com/cbEmj2G.png)

Klabot is a really useless Discord Bot created using DiscordJS and quickDB


# Requirements
  - NodeJS v12
  - DiscordJS `npm install discord.js`
  - QuickDB   `npm install quick.db`
 
 You also need a file named `config.json` with your token from the [Discord Developer Portal](https://discordjs.guide/preparations/setting-up-a-bot-application.html#creating-your-bot), also you can edit the prefix there, the file should look like this:
 ```json
 {
	"prefix": "-k ",
	"token": "YOUR_TOKEN_HERE"
}
```

For the assets you need to place them on a folder called assets, name the image as liK.png, or change the name on the source.
Also you need a bell.mp3 file on the root for the bell sound, or again change the name on the source.
# Usage 
You can see a list of the commands using the help command `-k help`

## "Bell" System
Klabot has a system that will play an audio on A voice channel when someone joins B voice channel, at the moment is not really useless, but in a future commands to 
allow users join A voice channel  if it's unlocked.
For use this, Klabot needs 2 voice channels: Channel where the .mp3 audio will be played ( A channel ),
                                             and the channel where the bot will be looking if someone is in ( B channel)
                                             
For set this channels you can use the bell and door commands, example:
 ```
 -k door 692785363927695460
 -k bell 671100267592286220
 ```
 If you want to update the channel ID you can just run the door/bell command again.
 

 You don't need to provide the channel ID in this case, just provide what type of channel you want to remove (bell or door). 

## Favorite messages

Klabot provides a way to send your favorite messages to a specified channel, to do this you need to specify the channel where all the favorite messages will be sent.
You can do that with the command `-k favmessage channelID` 
Example:
```
 -k favmessage 519969191067910144
```
The favorite message are those that have an reaction with the pill emoji :pill:

## Removing channels ID
 If you want to remove the channels ID, you can use the deleteid command, example:
```
 -k deleteid bell
 -k deleteid door
 -k deleteid favmessage
```
 This will delete the channel ID of the key specified from the quick.db database.

## TODO:
 - Add a events creation system, so you can schedule reunions, game times, anything with your friends.
 - Add a lock and unlock for voice channels making the bell system more useful.
 - Add a WebHook for RSS.
 
 
 
 <p align=center>
 <img src="https://i.imgur.com/b6aCKA2.png"/>
 </p>

Commit message:

Updated README with nickname-protection instructions

README.md, after:

# Klabot  ![alt text](https://i.imgur.com/cbEmj2G.png)

Klabot is a really useless Discord Bot created using DiscordJS and quickDB


# Requirements
  - NodeJS v12
  - DiscordJS `npm install discord.js`
  - QuickDB   `npm install quick.db`
 
 You also need a file named `config.json` with your token from the [Discord Developer Portal](https://discordjs.guide/preparations/setting-up-a-bot-application.html#creating-your-bot), also you can edit the prefix there, the file should look like this:
 ```json
 {
	"prefix": "-k ",
	"token": "YOUR_TOKEN_HERE"
}
```

For the assets you need to place them on a folder called assets, name the image as liK.png, or change the name on the source.
Also you need a bell.mp3 file on the root for the bell sound, or again change the name on the source.
# Usage 
You can see a list of the commands using the help command `-k help`

## "Bell" System
Klabot has a system that will play an audio on A voice channel when someone joins B voice channel, at the moment is not really useless, but in a future commands to 
allow users join A voice channel  if it's unlocked.
For use this, Klabot needs 2 voice channels: Channel where the .mp3 audio will be played ( A channel ),
                                             and the channel where the bot will be looking if someone is in ( B channel)
                                             
For set this channels you can use the bell and door commands, example:
 ```
 -k door 692785363927695460
 -k bell 671100267592286220
 ```
 If you want to update the channel ID you can just run the door/bell command again.
 

 You don't need to provide the channel ID in this case, just provide what type of channel you want to remove (bell or door). 

## Favorite messages

Klabot provides a way to send your favorite messages to a specified channel, to do this you need to specify the channel where all the favorite messages will be sent.
You can do that with the command `-k favmessage channelID` 
Example:
```
 -k favmessage 519969191067910144
```
The favorite message are those that have an reaction with the pill emoji :pill:

## Removing channels ID
 If you want to remove the channels ID, you can use the deleteid command, example:
```
 -k deleteid bell
 -k deleteid door
 -k deleteid favmessage
```
 This will delete the channel ID of the key specified from the quick.db database.

## Nickname "protection"
With the command `-k nickname-protection on` you can enable the "nickname protection" which means that users can't use special characters on their nickname, if they try to do that, their nickname will be reset.
For disable this: `-k nickname-protection off`

## TODO:
 - Add a events creation system, so you can schedule reunions, game times, anything with your friends.
 - Add a lock and unlock for voice channels making the bell system more useful.
 - Add a WebHook for RSS.
 
 
 
 <p align=center>
 <img src="https://i.imgur.com/b6aCKA2.png"/>
 </p>
